README.md, before:

# Project Charter - OrcaStars Web Application
### Goal:  
The [Orca Conservancy](https://www.orcaconservancy.org/) works to protect the Southern Resident Orcas, and make people aware of the industry-made dangers that they face: Overfishing, toxins, and vessel noise pollution. The OrcaStars program, a non-profit subgroup of the Orca Conservancy, challenges local businesses to adhere to newer, more sustainable work practices. OrcaStars is creating [an android app](https://github.com/MobileApps-Cascadia/orca-stars-android/wiki) and [web application](https://github.com/Cascadia-Connections/orca-stars/wiki) that will help them achieve their goals, including ...
### Product Description:  
The scope of this project is ...  
### Deliverables:  
By the end of the Spring quarter 2020 quarter,the team is expected to hand off ...
### Evaluation:  
Evaluation and assessment of progress and completion will be done by professor Brian Bansenauer and the project sponsor, David Bain. Assessments will be done at the end of every two-week sprint. The team will create the code and document its progress for off to future developers.

Commit message:

Update the README file with updated information about Orcastars

README.md, after:

# Project Charter - OrcaStars Web Application
### Goal:  
The [Orca Conservancy](https://www.orcaconservancy.org/) works to protect the Southern Resident Orcas, and make people aware of the industry-made dangers that they face: Overfishing, toxins, and vessel noise pollution. The OrcaStars program, a non-profit subgroup of the Orca Conservancy, challenges local businesses to adhere to newer, more sustainable work practices. OrcaStars is creating [an android app](https://github.com/MobileApps-Cascadia/orca-stars-android/wiki) and [web application](https://github.com/Cascadia-Connections/orca-stars/wiki) that will help them achieve their goals, including the ability for the OrcaStars team to take completed business application forms and enter in this data into a web application to be stored on a database.
### Product Description:  
The scope of this project is to create a web application that will allow the Orcastars team to take completed business application forms and enter the data from there into a web application, which in turn will be added to a database.
### Deliverables:  
By the end of the Spring quarter 2020 quarter, the team is expected to hand off a working Web Application that allows the Orcastars Team to enter in data from business application forms they receive and have it be updated to a database.
### Evaluation:  
Evaluation and assessment of progress and completion will be done by professor Brian Bansenauer and the project sponsor, David Bain. Assessments will be done at the end of every two-week sprint. The team will create the code and document its progress for future developers.
